# CS360

*Briefly summarize the requirements and goals of the app you developed. What user needs was this app designed to address?*
This app was designed to create a way for users to create and keep inventory of items that could be in a warehouse. The user needed to be able to log in or create a log in to use the app. Then the user needed to be able to view their inventory, as well as add, edit, and remove items in the inventory.
*What screens and features were necessary to support user needs and produce a user-centered UI for the app? How did your UI designs keep users in mind? Why were your designs successful?*
 Two separate databases were needed, one for usernames and passwords, and the other for the inventory items. Clickable objects with multiple descriptive buttons and text were used to keep the user focused on what they needed to do. The recycler view made sense to allow the users to view their items with a feature at the top that showed them that what the rows of the inventory meant. The users were also able to click on each item to see more about it and edit different features of it. The designs were simple yet looked good and made sense which made them very effective. 
*How did you approach the process of coding your app? What techniques or strategies did you use? How could those be applied in the future?*
I approached coding it by taking each little problem on its own and figuring it out completely and functionally before moving on the the next problem or goal. This made it easy to track down what was going wrong with the program or why it wasnt funcitioning the way i wanted it to. This is the strategy i have always used when building a program and will continue to implement them. 
*How did you test to ensure your code was functional? Why is this process important and what did it reveal?*
I tested my program over and over again manually. With a small project like this it is easiest to just test the funtionality myself. it helped me to find little and big bugs here and there and make them go away in order to build a program that was effective and efficient. 
*Considering the full app design and development process, from initial planning to finalization, where did you have to innovate to overcome a challenge?*
Figuring out what an interface was and learning how to use it was the biggest challenge. I did not fully understand what it did or how to implement it without researching on youtube and various other sources of information. 
*In what specific component from your mobile app were you particularly successful in demonstrating your knowledge, skills, and experience?*
Building the recyclerview the way i wanted it to look was fun. I enjoyed learning how it worked and figuring out the different things needed to make it funciton the way i wanted it to. Overall i think it came out just the way i wanted and functions great. 
